life is full of tough decisions
but we mostly talk about the decisions
that we quite
intentionally and consciously make
and they're the decisions that reflect
attitudes and assumptions
that are deep seated or at least overly
familiar
or we're not even aware in that moment
that we're making a decision at
all that there were other options
or that there's even an ethical
component to what we're doing that it's
even
questionable that what we're doing is
wrong
when i look at a guy like jank wieger of
the young turks i see someone
who's actually quite committed to his
own moral code
to his own idea of what's right and
what's wrong politically in other words
but i see someone who every day
wakes up picks up a newspaper
takes a cursory glance at the headlines
in the new york times and other
mainstream newspapers and then puts
together
a story puts together talking points
puts together an opinion piece and comes
on camera
and performs you know
without doing any research without
any self-doubt without stopping and
wondering
if he really knows what he's talking
about if he really has something
valuable to share
with the audience and without thinking
about the consequences for what's going
to happen if he's
if he's wrong you know like there are
problems here of journalistic integrity
that in his mind do not even arise
because
in that moment what he's doing he's
laying hands on a newspaper
he's laying eyes on the headline and he
thinks
i have something to say about that and
he
feels that he knows better
than the authors of the new york times
that he feels better than the people who
wrote
that article i'm sorry again and again
and again day after day after day is
it you know he's uploaded thousands and
thousands
of episodes and he never has that
moment of danger or self-doubt of
wondering
what if i'm wrong what if this newspaper
article is wrong what if i don't really
know
and what if the author i'm relying on or
the two or three sources if he compares
the washington post
to the new york times one of them
really don't know the answer this
question what if they're not
asking the right questions at all so
these are these are partly questions
about
journalism journalistic integrity and
ethics and these are partly questions
about
the meaning of life of how to lead a
meaningful life of what it means to be a
person
with real integrity
shout out to everyone in the audience we
did take one in this video
not a single person complained
that the wrong microphone was plugged
into the computer
this this one was plugged in but there
was another microphone plugged in by
bluetooth that we didn't even know about
and the computer unseen to us was using
the wrong
microphone so guys if this is the
correct memory you should hear a click
when i do this so can you confirm for me
did you hear the click there when i
touched the microphone
i i don't think this time anything could
possibly go wrong you should be getting
me and very high quality audio coming
through
come through the correct okay
but i'm committed i have my own sense of
personal integrity i have my own moral
code
that i'm gonna come on and do take two
i'm gonna talk through this issue again
and the first take was an hour and a
half and this time we're gonna do it in
like 15 minutes i bet it's going to be
more coherent it's going to be more
cogent it's going to be more to the
point
and it's going to be just as profound
and i'm just as happy to talk to you
guys in the audience about anything you
want to ask if you want to distract me
all right so and look i'll tell you
something else too i think it's going to
be just as spontaneous
because i really care about this stuff
all right and that's part of the problem
with change weaker that's part of what
we're going to talk about here
is authenticity and what what
authenticity means
in year 2021 i never like to begin these
videos by summarizing the story
because very often the summary of the
story is the exact opposite of the story
it's wildly unrelated to what it is i
want to say about it what what the
issues are i want to deal with
politically philosophically personally
or otherwise okay but the story today
case you're watching this five years
from now i'm certain
five years from now nobody will remember
this
as with all of the most profound and
pressing news of our times
this story began on twitter this story
began
with people saying mean things to each
other on twitter and it just became
so important that it had to break into
the headlines of mainstream media
accusations counter accusations and
debunking and facts
some pretty fundamental and important
questions about what it means to be a
journalist
and in plain english what it means to be
a man have come out
of a meaningless conflict between former
stand-up comedian
jimmy dore who is now primarily a
political commentator
and former lawyer former candidate
running for elected office jank wieger
and his co-host anna casparian
the young turks created jimmy dore
i mean yes jimmy dore existed as a
stand-up community before this but jimmy
dore's
whole career as a left-wing demagogue as
a political commentator the
fame he has now on youtube his career as
we now know it
was created by the young turks jank
wieger and jimmy dore
used to be close personal friends
and i have seen and i have heard
jank and jimmy door sitting
and commiserating and [ __ ] asking
questions about jimmy dore's
sex life and jimmy dore speaking in a
very honest
and very vulgar way about his whole
history of
cocaine and alcohol and nightclubs and
stand-up comedy
and sleeping with enormous numbers of
women
and i've heard jank say not just that he
admires jimmy dore for having lived this
life but that he's jealous that he's
envious that he wishes he could live
jimmy dore's life or that his youth
could have been like
uh jimmy dore's youth well
um and i've seen how the dynamic of
their friendship
changed i've seen how
their friendship itself became the news
story
that they were both covering and today
the enmity between the two
is very much a major news story as i say
erupting
from the pages of twitter all right
now we live
through a period of time when people
need
heroes like any other all right
they look around people like alexandria
ocasio-cortez
they look around at people like jank
weaker and jimmy dore
and they see paragons of virtue and they
see people look let's be real here let's
be real here
it's their very honesty that makes them
seem so virtuous and that brings people
in the audience into their orbit
in a way that none of us relate to the
news announcer on
cnn you know yes there's something about
the combination of hard-hitting
left-wing moral judgment that jank
weaker offers
being and anna kasparian too they both
do the same act
being combined with the brute
sensuality of hearing this guy talk
about
gambling and going to las vegas and how
he
spends money and how he eats pastrami
sandwiches
i don't even know the names of these
sandwiches what is it
phil new york philly cheesesteak philly
subs
philly cheesesteaks i don't i'm vegan i
don't know any stuff all right
hearing him talk with such passion
about the food that's killing him you
know what i mean
hearing him talk about his sex life and
his drug life
and his gambling life that kind of
immediacy
and honesty which is lacking in cnn and
frankly like it's lacking for most
rock stars or something you don't really
know you know
you you don't really know britney spears
like that you know what i mean you don't
hear britney spears talking about the
pastrami sandwich shade for lunch
and you don't hear britney spears
talking about some guy some
some person she had sex with that she
met in a an elevator or in las vegas
and how she picked up on people you
don't you don't hear that okay
with these people jank wieger jimmy dore
anna kasperian
you have this strange and disarming
immediacy can we say disarming
or you know you have the immediacy of
their their seemingly
you know reckless honesty that they have
the self-confidence to come on and talk
about these personal things and
and joke about their personal feelings
talk about their lives
and then the other hand you have this
austere
moral judgment because that's what
they're doing all the time all right
they don't do research they don't do
investigation they don't do reporting
most of what they do is sit back and
pass judgment on others
whether that is jank wieger reading the
newspaper
and passing judgment telling you how
wrong the new york times is about
everything
or if it's jimmy dore sitting very
frequently he's sitting and reading
people's remarks on twitter and then
he's going to tell you
you know how how wrong they are okay
um i've got to say this i do have
some respect for jack weaker some
jank wieger is not a person lacking in
intelligence
he's not a person lacking in a sense of
moral
purpose he has a kind of grand moral
cause
that he's deeply committed to you know
um
[Music]
trying to get money out of politics he's
an anti-corruption
activist trying to get reforms to the
way american elections work
the way american congresses and senates
work and so on you know
to some extent trying to change the
court system there is a sense in which
he can be regarded
as a person of intelligence integrity
sometimes right not all the time
the problem is that he's so inconsistent
right the problem is that he's got
morality when it's convenient for him
and the rest of the time you know
he's this totally a moral slob
now the details of the current
controversy are the least interesting
part of this
to me as i've already warned um
you know when it suits jank wieger
to pretend to be quite puritanical and
say that he would
never look up a woman's skirt and make a
joke about it
that's his act and he uses this frankly
as a political bludgeon
to try to denounce and defame and
destroy jimmy dore
formerly his close friend and political
colleague
now his enemy for no good reason no
reason there's no reason to do enemies
and then jimmy dore is able to go
through the video archives
and show evidence of jank weaker sitting
down
and doing exactly that and not just once
where again and again and again he had
an act he did
on video on youtube and on what used to
be his uh
you know digital radio show where they
would
show a picture of a woman getting out of
a car in a short skirt where you could
see your vagina where you could look up
her skirt and where he's making the most
crude and vulgar
jokes about this now
i think that one of the most incisive
honest
realistic things that jimmy dore said in
his defense of himself and his offense
against chiang weaker
was to say that when jank started
playing this game
he was playing by the same rules as what
are called shock jock
radio talk show hosts right that he was
someone who's coming out trying to be as
offensive as possible and as vulgar as
possible and
and have a certain kind of comedy uh
woven into his act but today jank weaker
is instead trying to be something like
alexandria ocasio-cortez and he has been
trying to get himself elected he's been
trying to step up
i think it never occurred to him that
vulgar
jokes and commentary he offered in the
year 2008
would come back to haunt him in this way
and would come back to discredit him
as a as a political candidate you know
um and it does uh
i think it's true and fair to say
that jank weaker used to be
someone living by the same code as uh
i don't know what he's supposed to
who's the one in new york the howard
stern then he was someone living by the
same code as howard stern
now is that an excuse is that an
explanation
can you justify someone's immorality
irresponsibility stupidity
by saying well they play by the same
rules as howard stern
and if so does that require
does that entail that they live by those
same rules all the time
right we say okay like there's one set
of moral rules there's one standard for
personal integrity
that applies to alexandria cortez and
then there's another that
applies to howard stern to an
entertainer to a comedian
and if jake weaker wants to want to play
with is that
is that how it works is that how we
should think about you know uh
political commentary or uh american
media personalities
um from my perspective
you know alexander costa cortez in a
very serious way discredited herself
recently um aoc made up a story again
before
i was laughing that you know all the
political news of our times
either begins or ends on twitter this
story about
alexandria ocasio-cortez begins in the
the great pinnix
of instagram live the great global
parliament where ideas are aired
of broadcasting on instagram live she
sat down and gave this
seemingly spontaneous seemingly not
contrived
utterly dishonest account of the events
that happened
on january 6th 2021
the great riot that ended up
kicking down the doors of the capitol
building so this is in washington dc the
american equivalent to what we would
call the parliament building
that smashed through the glass and
injured several people
ended up with a few people getting
killed she gave this passionate
tear-jerking account
her being in fear and cowering and her
hearing the glass breaking and hearing
the hinges and so on
and it turned out with the slightest bit
of fact she mentions which offices she
was in there were other witnesses there
were video cameras everywhere the whole
story is a lie just look at a map and
shadow
chart out where she was and where she
went to and the only thing
we're left wondering is to what extent
was this an intentionally contrived
lie and to what extent is she's
sincerely insane
has she just lost her mind and she's not
even aware that she's lying to she
believe her own uh
her own delusions you know
um you know my feeling about this my
conclusion about this
is that being a person of of integrity
it's not something you can turn
off and on it's not something you have a
choice about right
being an intellectual is something
you're doing all the time
being intelligent is something you're
doing all the time and you may not enjoy
it
it may be a burden for you it may make
your life miserable
right but that if you are a person of
real integrity
you can never do what alexandria
ocasio-cortez did
in that instagram live broadcast and you
can never
live the way jank uyghur did not even
for one day
not even for one weekend not even just
to take a break
right and i think the opposite is true
also i think people like jank weaker i
think they're completely incapable
of being a real intellectual of being a
person of real integrity
right they can't just turn it on for a
weekend either
now
most people want to be like chick weaker
most people don't want to be
intellectuals
most people want to be able to go
to las vegas and get drunk and get high
and gamble and you know maybe sleep with
prostitutes
maybe sleep with random strangers like
seduce people in a nightclub or in an
elevator or whatever it is
most people are committed
to the same life of brute sensuality
and total reckless self intelligence
that the jank uighur
leads and i think that's why they relate
to him i think that's why they like him
i think that's why they find it
entertaining or affirming or
heartwarming or encouraging
to listen to him sit there and talk
about pastrami
sandwiches and the drugs he's done and
the women he seduced and the fist fights
he's been in i mean he tells
all kinds of stories of this about his
life and you know my impression is
that that whole corpus of literature you
know coming from jack wieger
is honest but then he tries to turn it
off
right he tries to turn it on and off
when it suits him
like when it suits him to try to destroy
and discredit jimmy dore
all of a sudden you can turn that off
and he can be a puritanical
left-winger he can be more awake than
thou he can be more holy than now
that all of a sudden he's going to run
for congress he's going to stand for
election
and you know he thinks he can literally
delete the youtube videos
and delete the evidence of you know what
his act used to be
and you know what you can you know you
can delete the evidence
of who you really are but that still is
who you really are you can't delete the
person that you've become
you can't delete the you know
accumulated effects
of living that life of what it's made
you and the opportunity cost of the
person you didn't become
you know who you didn't you know build
yourself up to be
now you know i admit this current
clash clash of titans or a clash of
midgets however you want to put it
between you know jake wieger and jimmy
dore
it doesn't have the same uh significance
as the broader question of really you
know the effect of
the young turks platform of the young
turks
you know mo modus operandi of how it is
they've profoundly influenced the news
they've profoundly influenced the
democratic party of the united states
they profoundly influenced the career of
bernie sanders and of alexandria court
is more than anyone else
what what they had to do with her rising
to fame and rising to power and getting
elected in the first place
they've already had a tremendous effect
on history and we don't know
moving ahead uh how much more influence
they they might have
on history in in the in the years to
come
right okay but in a very
particular sense you know uh
journalism real journalism it requires
authenticity
and it requires a commitment to personal
integrity
that the young turks utterly lack and
even if it's the shallowest thing
even if it's the most minuscule thing um
the conflict with jimmy dore i think
demonstrates that it demonstrates that
in a powerful way that's that's easier
for people
to to apprehend and it's harder for
people to see
it's harder than to see what's wrong
when jack wieger reads a newspaper
headline
about the central park five and he just
gets on the microphone
again and again and again anna casparian
did this too i made a video with quotes
he gets on the microphone again and
again again what does he do
what does he do he takes what's already
there
in the mainstream newspaper uh coverage
and he just ratchets it up a level he
just
adds this extra layer of left-wing
hysteria
left-wing judgment he makes it more woke
more left-wing and he never once stops
the question
do i really know what i'm talking about
do i really know what happened did i do
the basic fact checking
did i look into the police report
did i establish the facts of the case or
could it be
that i'm taking something that's already
a lie
and i'm just elevating it up to another
level
of mythology let me just say it doesn't
take a genius
in that case it doesn't take a genius to
figure that out i stayed up all night
making my video about that i forget if i
went to bed at four o'clock in the
morning
or what but i did it in one night and it
was
it was emotional for me i think i i
think i
think i heard about the central profile
when i was a very young teenager
i can remember talking about it with one
of my first girlfriends i mean
a long time ago i first heard about the
central park fire it's
really and all my life i heard the same
[ __ ] about it too
right i always heard and this is way
before donald trump became a politician
but donald trump had made these
statements about it and oh don't you
know
this proves the corruptness and
the corruption and racism of the whole
justice system
i'd heard that i'd i'd in a sense grown
up with this
legend and no one around me had ever
questioned i'd never seen a single
newspaper article or heard a single
commentator
shed any doubt on this whatsoever all
right
and this hit uh i was gonna say
documentary movie comes out but it's not
there was a fictional movie loosely
inspired by the historical events
that came out that suddenly made this uh
controversy new again
and the guys in question the criminals
in question who have been long since
released from prison they started going
around doing interviews to promote the
movie and promote themselves
talk about what wonderful people there
know and it just occurred to me
i just challenged my ears i just stopped
and thought
do i know what happened
how do i know what happened
in a split second of course as soon as i
wondered as soon as i questioned myself
as soon as i had any doubt i realized
all i've ever known about this is
propaganda
i've never read anything i've never
heard anything from
anyone trying to establish
the facts i remember sitting there and
thinking
no no no no no no it can't be because as
soon as i'd even thought that
there were so many holes in the story
there were so many problems
with the narrative right oh but there
were multiple witnesses
to these young boys in the park throwing
stones at people
smashing cars there were multiple
witnesses of them assaulting and robbing
a whole series of pedestrians
in the park before the particular rape
oh and then this was confirmed by this
person this is
like even within the narrative that's
kind of celebrated by the movie and the
stereotypical left wing
just stopping to question it for a like
well wait a minute there are so many
empirically verifiable
elements of this story that are wildly
incompatible with what
[ __ ] wieger and anna conspirion are the
young turks are saying about it
you know i really it had an emotional
impact on me
i don't know five minutes later i got
the police report
the actual there is more than one plus
report this was the final
big police report this was all the
conclusions from the police about
exactly what the evidence was who did
what
who was where what witness gave what
statement at what time to who
exactly what the police did in the
interrogations they'd investigated
everything
this was the final investigation report
about
everything that happened and all the
misconceptions and what didn't happen
and
all the facts established the case and
i'm sitting there and i'm reading this
thing
and i'm putting together the video and
i'm quoting jankweger and anna
and contrasting the mythology they're
presenting
to these truly incontrovertible facts
you know again i stayed up
all night doing it can i forget if i
went to bed at
2am or 3am or 4am but i stayed up i
really stood up very late in the night
finishing that video because i knew i
didn't want to go to sleep with it
you know i didn't want to go to sleep
with it half done you know i said no
like this is going to completely take
over my life you know one until i'm
through with it
and why why does it mean so much to me
so by the way in this case the police
did nothing wrong
it does has nothing to do with george
floyd in the george ford's flood case
the police did some
things wrong it's no doubt okay but
doesn't mean george floyd was an angel
doesn't mean george floyd wasn't a drug
addict doesn't mean george floyd
wasn't a drug deal guess what you know
the police killed a man
on the sidewalk in broad daylight when
there was no need to kill him you know
that's fundamentally
whether you call it murder or you call
it manslaughter you know
i have no real opinion on that
technicality but you know of course
george floyd's tragedy it shows all
kinds of things around the places
but not the central park five right
central park five is
is a myth okay why did it why did it
mean so much to me
i've never lived i've visited new york
city new york city means i
i'm not even american i'm canadian i'm
not involved i'm not invest investing
this
okay it matters to me because i have a
sense of personal integrity
all right it means so much to me
because i live in a world where people
like jack wieger and anna kasparian
have real power and real influence and
make decisions
that have knock-on effects and
consequences frankly for millions of
people
over the past few times that's not
overstating and again they created the
career
of aoc alexander because of courtesy
they certainly modified the career of
bernie sanders they influenced these
things
they do influence the politics they
report on
you know i could dig into all kinds of
other examples
um they certainly influenced pete
butterjudge's uh
political career too mayor mayor pete as
they call them they on earth
they've and they may go on to influence
these questions about
corruption and government and so on but
there's something
really deeply wrong with people who can
come on the microphone again and again
they don't even read a wikipedia article
about this stuff they don't think it's
true
they don't have that moment of doubt
even if it is just a fleeting moment of
doubt where they ask themselves
how do i know this do i really know
when i'm what i'm talking about you know
and when you challenge yourself
to learn something because of course as
soon as you realize that you don't know
as soon as you question it
then there's a question how much work am
i willing to do to live up to my own
standards and sure it's
it's partly my own it's my sense of
integrity it's also my
my relationship to you people shout out
to max shout out to freda show
everyone in the audience right right i
have a commitment to myself
i have a commitment to my audience right
what's the standard
i'm going to impose i'm going to live up
to see i'll say this real briefly
but you know sorry i got a stack of very
miscellaneous books here
but you know um i'm writing a book
myself right now
and there are there are a whole bunch of
topics in this book
that come up for just a few sentences or
just a few paragraphs
but where you know i did like a first
draft where i write and like oh here's
my snap judgment
about the history of corsica and how the
history of course goes linked to the
french revolution and the american
revolution you know
and in the first draft it was snappy it
was interesting right
but i read that and just like asking
about the central park five okay but
how how do i know what i really know
here how do i know this
how how what if what i've been reading
is also propaganda
there's there's still propaganda about
the french revolution they're still
propaganda with the american revolution
the american constitution right
all these things like okay well i have
my snappy opinion
but i don't want to be like jank weaker
i don't want to be like anna kasperin i
don't want to just
glance over the headline in the first
few sentences of an article in the new
york times
and then feel like i'm morally superior
to the author and i know better and i'm
going to tell you my judgment
again when the final book comes out you
guys can count
how many sentences are there about the
history and politics of corsica and it
might be like
three it might be like three sentences
and i can tell you i did a mountain of
research
i researched the hell out of what
happened in coruscant at that time
and i researched what the connections
were and what they weren't to the french
revolution in the american revolution
how it matters
and how those pieces fit together all
right and what what's
what what does it matter maybe nobody in
the audience cares maybe
you know again maybe nobody in the
audience cares about what happened with
uh
you know the central park five you know
what i mean right but
i i have a commitment i have i'm a
person of integrity
i'm not going to [ __ ] you and i'm
not going to [ __ ] myself if i don't
know what really happened
i'm not going to make a youtube video
about it i'm not going to write a
chapter of my book about it
right i've got to live up to this
standard and there's a real easy way to
live up to that standard without doing
all the research
if you don't want to read a bunch of
books about what happened in corsica
sorry another example i never i'd never
read sallust before
i had a couple sentences about the
cataline conspiracy
sorry i realize the cover is somewhat
horrifying i had a couple of senses
about
the cataline conspiracy and cicero and
caesar and what was going on at rome at
that time it's like
wait a minute i've never read the
primary sources on this stuff if i don't
actually read you know cicero and salis
and appy and if i don't do that
i and it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter that it's only
a few sentences or a few paragraphs in
my book it's not a book about corsica
it's not a book about ancient rome
those things just come up in passing
right but i'm never going to be
jank weaker hey i can turn it around
jenk weaker is never going to be me
[Music]
um
i did a video i i could i could post the
link here okay let's let's get her name
althea brown uh some of you guys will
remember this some of you don't
you know i made a video about this case
of a young african-american woman
who claimed she claimed that while she
was driving
her car passed a right-wing protest
past some kind of neo-nazi protest she
claimed that
um some men who looked like skinheads or
looked like right wingers um
leaned through her car window sprayed
her with
uh lighter fluid and lit her on fire
that's what she claimed and jan kweger
and the young turks jank wieger and anna
kasparian
they did exact exactly the same thing
they did
with every newspaper story with the
central park five with something about
russia or biden or syria
it's like they just look at the headline
and then they come on to pronounce to
you to explain to you how they're
morally superior
to the journalists who wrote this
article or they tell you what the like
ratcheted up left-wing moralizing
perspective on this is like
well the new york times says that this
is a travesty
and i'm gonna tell you it's a triple
double travis team like you know like
i don't know this is like mcdonald's
competing with harvey
with harvey's hamburgers you know if you
guys have the double cheeseburger
we've got to have the quadruple double
cheeseburger you know what i mean like
well
if the new york times says this is a
travesty i'm gonna get out my thesaurus
and tell you
it's something worse than a travesty you
know
you don't have to be an expert you don't
have to do a ton of research you don't
have to read the police report but i did
nobody's paying me to do this i did the
job
jake wieger was paid to do i did the job
and i caspar was paid to do but they
never did it they never attempted they
never tried in both of these cases
i read the police report about the
central park five so i know what really
happened
i at least know the right questions to
ask i know the right doubts to have are
you kidding me
i read the police report about what
happened
with althea brown and let me tell you
something there is
videotape evidence of every intersection
she drives her car through the whole
thing
is fiction okay but even if you didn't
do that if you never did the research or
it never occurred to you
that it was your job to do the research
day one when that story came out before
there was any time
for the police to report on the process
progress of the investigation because
you know they like to keep it quiet
until the final report comes out until
they've done all the interviews and
established all the things
and by the way tyt they never did a
follow-up story
they never came back and said hey we
were wrong and debunked and attacked
of theater they never pointed the finger
at her and said oh well if
if the new york times says this it's a
travesty we're going to continue nope
you just get the left-wing hysterical
hit piece you just get the fiction you
just get the myth you just get the lie
and there's never the follow-up dealing
with the truth or the reality once it's
established once it's exposed right
by the way most of the newspapers were
super vague they're just like well
according to police reports it seems
like
not everything in her story added up do
you think
when i was doing my due diligence to put
together my own youtube video on this
i looked at web pages like local
newspaper
articles that were still up unchanged
from when the event happened from like
day one
from the first couple days after the
events
and there were people in the comments
section i'm like summarizing here
like three or four people it wasn't a
huge number but there were like three or
four people i
saw that said look guys if you think
this is what somebody looks like after
they've been doused with lighter fluid
and set on fire
you know you've never worked in the
emergency room of a hospital you've
never been
in the back of a what's the word i was
going to say a paddy wagon
you've never worked at the back of an
ambulance you know what i mean you've
never you've never worked as
an emergency medical technician and if
you talk to anyone who has
a lot of people in america barbecue on
the weekends
there were a lot of accidents involving
lighter fluid
there are a lot of people get lit on
fire and it would be
very easy to do the fact-checking just
look at the well there wasn't just video
of her it wasn't just you know like you
can look at
a lot you can look at the interior of
the car you can look at her face you can
look at her hair
in photographs and videotape right and
you could phone up a friend of yours
who works as a nurse who works as an
immersion you could say
is this what it looks like after you've
been dosed with
does this match the other parts of her
story and you know what
it'll give you nightmares you could
probably go on google image image search
right now
you could go on google image search and
you could look for images
of people who have been burned by
accidents involving lighter fluid okay
you could from the moment you saw the
headline from the moment you first
glanced
at the newspaper you could have the
moment of doubt
oh i don't know it looks like her hair
isn't damaged anyway
it looks like the car the interior of
the car where she was supposedly dose of
the lighter fluid isn't damaged away if
there was
if there was smoke and fire part of me
if there was smoke and fire going up
wouldn't even the
the roof on the interior wouldn't it be
scorched wouldn't there be smoke
you know the the injuries to her skin
for you to question any of those things
you have to start with and proceed from
this kind of authenticity i'm describing
this kind of sense of personal therapy
where first at bottom at it's most
simple it's most fundamental
you are admitting to yourself i
don't know you know
and to me the whole left-wing mentality
which is
embodied by jinkweer embodied by anna
kasperian
is exactly this false sense of
self-confidence
that begins and ends with their
certainty that they know
you know that they they're so certain
they know
and they know better than the
journalists and they know better than
the police
they know better than everyone and they
know better than their audience
that's why all of it's dripping with
this weird sanctimonious
smug like in the sense of condemnation
right they're morally superior
to everyone and their their morals
priority
is based entirely in ignorance and yes
you know the topic of the day is
jank wieger turns around and stabs his
own best friend in the back this guy
was his friend and colleague for so many
years jimmy dore and he turns around and
says hey
i'm morally superior to you too i'm more
woke than you are i'm more left-wing
than you are i'm more
i'm more pure um
the ethics of journalism matters but it
doesn't just matter for the sake of
journalism
the ethics of journalism matters but not
for the sake of the truth
not for the sake of doing justice to
althea brown
this hypocritical lying quite possibly
insane piece of [ __ ] who made up a story
that she was lit on fire
you know it doesn't matter to her
doesn't matter to her parents
it doesn't matter to the innocent men
who were you know
investigated by the police for a made-up
crime that it didn't happen
no no no you know who it matters to
it matters it matters to you
it matters because of your sense of
personality it matters because of who
you want to be who you want to become
right and if you're a person of
integrity
you can't do what jenk weaker does you
can't turn it off
right you can't turn it off you say oh
just for the sake of this news story
i'm gonna i'm gonna pretend that i know
what i'm talking about i'm gonna pretend
that i'm certain of this and i have this
moral crusade that i'm a part of
no you know and you can't just for the
sake of a hit
youtube video turn around and condemn
you know jimmy dore
in the way that he has either you can't
go from enjoying your pastrami
sandwiches
and your trips to the casino when you're
gambling
and and watching untold hours
of sports on tv you know the the sex
the drugs the stupidity you know
it's the opposite of the life of the
mind it's the death of the mind that's
who he really is
right and and to some extent he attracts
and retains his audience
because he is a vulgarian right because
he's a person of no
intellectual sophistication right he's a
person of no
integrity um
[Music]
you can't turn it off and on
right now
this matters to me in more levels than
one
and um
you know it's it's not pleasant it's not
great
it's it's not enjoyable or fun you know
being an intellectual and researching
everything
all the time so
most people don't want to live this way
i read the ingredients of every food
i buy in the supermarket i don't take
aspirin
if i haven't researched the side effects
of aspirin i had to take
some crazy medication uh for for uh
malaria this is a million years ago when
i was out in the jungle where they had
malaria
there's no jungle anymore they cut down
the jungle so don't worry about it but
at that time i was watching the jungle
getting cut down
day by day on the border between laos
and
myanmar um you know i had to read
terrifying facts and speculations
because a lot of science is speculating
a lot of times the scientists don't know
well it seems like this causes brain
damage you know and i've got to make
that decision and take that you know
i have to live with all that on my
shoulders and it's nobody's fault but
mine it's nobody's responsibility
but mine right and that that's that's a
good comparison because before i was
saying
journalism the ethics of journalists
it's not for the truth it's not for
healthier brown
it's it's for you it's for me it's for
what kind of person you could be
who are you gonna become oh wouldn't it
be so much easier to just make up a
story
just tell yourself it's harmless just
tell yourself the doctor wants the best
for you
if the doctor says this is the best pill
to take from malaria just do it just
just go with the flow just make up the
story it must be harmless
there was a class action lawsuit like a
few months
after i took that drug against the
manufacture of the drug saying it had
terrible
side effects and i had i had side
effects i had mental side effects
and this malaria medication you know and
i don't know and i'm never going to know
the harm done right i have to live with
that worry i have to live with that
doubt
i have to do that research about
everything and i'm surrounded by people
who are instead positive and warm and
effusive than exactly the way jenk weger
is and exactly the way anna kasparian is
who say just get out there and enjoy
your life and you don't care about the
effects of cocaine and don't care that
marijuana causes brain damage
which it does you'll be waiting a long
time for the young turks to break the
news on that you know guys let's
let's get serious what we're doing and
don't care that pastrami sandwiches give
you a heart attack
and in case you hadn't heard eating beef
kills cows and eating pork
kills pigs you know they're all kinds of
you know
strange contradictions in this i know a
guy
it's not worth explaining how i know him
or how i had this conversation with him
i know a guy who was talking to me
to the most minute details about the
process
of of buying a second-hand cell phone
because uh me and melissa both
we have experience with second-hand cell
phones where cheapskates you know
whatever
you know and it's like oh okay if i
order it this way and should i do this
it's like all these questions and all
this crap and you know
sorry i don't i don't especially and
then like this conversation moves on
it's like okay now here's the
conversation we really care about here's
what we're really supposed to be dealing
with
like bro like you know there are these
prescription drugs in your life
these are drugs in the class of you know
antidepressants and antipsychotics and
so-called mood stabilizers it's it's
this kind of thing
i got i got one book in the stack on
that topic by the way uh
robert whitaker personality epidemic um
you know all of a sudden he's completely
run out of patience he's completely run
out of acumen
to deal with it he's completely run up
oh no i
i just don't have time
have you read have you read the label
have you read
the fda warnings have you read the
american government's food and drug
administration label have you just
no there's no no most people
and this this is typical because what's
he committed to he's committed to
enjoying his life
and for him that means for the most part
or entirely
an unexamined life right we have this
saying
very loosely attributed to socrates the
unexamined life
is not worth living well for most people
like jake wieger
guess what it's the opposite the
examined life is not worth me that's
what they're running away from
right they don't want to have an exam in
life they just want to bite into a hot
dog
and not question what the hot dog is
made of or where it came from or what
it's going to do to them or what the
health effects are
or how many animals are living
underneath
a concrete sky in a steel cage
you know eating food out of a bag
suffering and dying to produce this hot
dog with what
ecological consequences and what it says
about you ethically that you're willing
to endorse this
people want to eat hot dogs without
questioning what's in inside them
people want to get drunk and get high
and go to a nightclub
and dance and seduce or be seduced by a
complete stranger
and not question what kind of terrible
person they are
and not question what kind of a terrible
person they're going to become
themselves
through this process of again and again
over years getting drunk getting high
sleeping with strangers gambling at the
casinos in los angeles
on and on the whole cycle the whole
cycle of suffering that's perceived as
pleasure
of the life of jank weaker the whole
meaning
the rebarbative meaninglessness of the
life that's made this guy
who and what he now is and what does he
want to do what does he want to do he
wants to live that life he wants to
watch the game on tv
watch football and baseball and this
horse [ __ ] and ice hockey and he wants
to gamble on it and he wants to drink
beer and get drunk and eat meat
he wants to live like someone who is in
no way an intellectual
in no way a person of principle
a person with real integrity but then
when it's convenient for him
he wants to paint a layer on top he
wants to paint a layer
of intellectualism of of personal
integrity
you know so guys i'm not going to
digress in this to too much uh detail
shout out to everyone in the audience uh
so look i'll just say real briefly i've
got a question here about vicodin
specifically you know as as as a drug
you know you got to do your own research
you know i can't do it for you
i i just say that honestly okay i can't
do push-ups for you
i can tell you how to do push-ups i can
tell you
why to do push-ups so the dude who sent
me this question it could be a woman
but whoever you are who sent me this
question i know you're asking for a
reason
either you're taking vicodin or someone
you love is you know your
parents or somebody and you're asking me
this vicodin
kill brain cells okay i'm telling you
how to do push-ups
i'm telling you why to do push-ups you
have to do the push-ups
you have to do it it'll never be the
same i made a video talking about
haldol h-a-l-d-o-l that's less famous
than prozac
but it's one of these drugs it's out
there used by i made other videos
dealing with um
benzodiazepines right he's different and
they're negative
but guess what ultimately the point is
not for you to take it from me
the point is not for you to be dependent
on me or this book for that matter
as the source of wisdom you know what i
mean like the point is not to turn on
youtube every day
and watch someone doing push-ups you
know
i i can read these books i can do the
research
right the point is you've got to start
living a meaningful life for yourself
you've got to start doing
your own research and you know what just
say i think i think melissa i don't know
how long
i think that's something you really got
in this and i don't know
you know i mean i think it's one of the
biggest changes in your life
you know is really getting you know and
look sorry
i just say you know this isn't specific
to melissa i think it's true for
millions of people
a lot of people think about the life of
the mind whether it's politics
philosophy you got a question from
philosophy or
literature you know because the life of
the mind is very part of the arts
they think of the life of the mind about
the difference between being right and
being wrong
being correct and being incorrect like
you write a test for the teacher
and you handle them they say oh right
right wrong wrong and it's not
it's like push-ups okay guys
like there's right and there's wrong and
then there's doing it
for yourself and that's what it's all
about
you know what does does vicodin kill
brain cells
uh uh is haldol better or worse
than uh benzodiazepines are
benzodiazepines better or worse
higher risk or low risk or better or
worse brain damage than wellbutrin
you know you know like guys ultimately
like it's you know it's it's got to be
about you
you know learning to to do your own
research and develop your own acumen
you know your own ability to come to uh
to these kinds of conclusions um
i used to get questions like that too so
i have a lot to say about that
i mean i think i could come up with a
better image than just of uh
of doing push-ups but you know there was
a time
when i was a scholar of buddhism and in
some ways i was a buddhist preacher
because you know different people are
trying to take the buddhist religion in
different directions
most of them are trying to take in the
direction that makes a lot of money
you know money is a big thing in
religion okay you know but you know some
people were trying to take buddhism in
the religion that would get them
supported me
trying to take the religion in the
direction that would get them laid
so you know there's the buddhists who
are after money the buddha buddhists who
are after
sex you know tantric buddhism and this
[ __ ] you know taking a monastic
tradition and making it into an orgy or
whatever you know
sino as long as i was within buddhism no
matter how
secular and nihilistic i was i was
making powerful
arguments that often really appeal to
buddhists
and you know i was advocating for my
perspective
and you know a lot of what i was saying
was
you know it's like in this video saying
to you look if you think you know what
happened with the
central park five you don't you're wrong
you've been misled
you've got to find out for yourself you
know i'd write these articles saying
look what you know
about buddhist morality is wrong
and i would give examples from the
ancient texts where i was able to read
the ancient language
so it's like being able to read ancient
latin or ancient greek i would read pali
which is the scriptural language most
people think it's sanskrit it's not
sanskrit it's pali
that would explain but i read this
ancient language and i'd be able to
quote it and say look
look you guys think you know what
buddhist meditation is
but you're wrong you think you know what
buddhist morality is but you're wrong
you think you know what
but his philosophy is the philosophy of
the self
for example self and self is but you're
wrong i'm giving you some stimulating
quotations
these people who write back to me i
would say they could send me an email or
whatever you know because i write this
would be an article
you know and they'd say oh well
this isn't what i want what i need you
to do
is is give me a list and say
believe this not that
i need you to give me a list of what's
right and what's wrong of what i should
believe
and what i should not believe and this
is like the child
going to the teacher and handing in the
test and saying i want to know what's
correct and what's incorrect
and no it's all incorrect because you're
writing the teacher's test and not your
own
right the only thing that's ultimately
correct is you doing
the research for yourself it's what you
choose for yourself it's what you learn
for yourself it's the mistakes you make
for yourself
and then the evaluation that comes out
of it's like no i'm i'm showing you how
to do push-ups i'm giving you the
the tools but now you have to do the
push-ups for yourself i'm telling you
why you should do poison why you should
be motivated
why you should question what religious
leaders are saying
and i'm sure and now you have to do it
for yourself i think this is the most
fundamental advantage democracy has
over any other political system this is
especially direct democracy or democracy
that's as direct as possible i'm not
really talking about the
you know hybrid system of places like
the united states of america which is
just
has some features of democracy but it's
not democratic in
many other sense
you know um if you trust
your grandparents to choose the person
you're going to marry
if you trust your parents to choose the
person if you trust your
brothers or your sisters or your aunts
or uncles
if you have a culture of arranged
marriage
it means someone else chooses the person
you're supposed to fall in love with
on your behalf and i'm out here saying
no you've got to choose for yourself
you've got to find them for yourself
you've got to decide whether or not you
can love them for yourself
you've got to make your own mistakes
right again and again
and again i know people don't think
about falling in love
as research it is it is
you're finding out who that person is
and you're finding out who you
are and you're finding out what kind of
life you could have together and what
expectations you had that were false
like when you're 18 you don't know any
of this stuff
especially not you know what it's 16 you
don't know any of this stuff
you know i'm being honest by 18 you're
starting to figure some of it out
right like you know i think i think
those are big years like each year that
goes by 16 17 18 19 20
you're starting to figure out whoa now i
get why all the situation
comedies on tv are about marriage and
dating like you know when you're a child
you think
why is why are people making such a big
deal about this
find someone you think is handsome and
get married find someone you think is
pretty
so what why you why do you need to have
why is every stand-up comedian talking
about this why is this endless obsession
oh now i'm starting to figure out what a
high-stakes game this is
and where i'm discovering who i really
am and who you are and what kind of life
i'm going to do
you know um
you know the difference between uh
marriage and an arranged marriage
right nobody else can choose for you
who you should fall in love with right
nobody else can make that mistake for
you
and nobody else can learn from that
mistake for you you've got to choose
yourself
even if you're wrong or even if you're
wrong 10 times
before you're right the 11th time and
you've got to learn
from making the wrong choice in the
wrong decision right that's
love that's falling in love and falling
out of love and that's getting married
and getting divorced or whatever i mean
whatever however
you have a relationship last two months
or two years or 20 years
whatever it is right it's all on you
and look i'm i'm not above giving
dating advice i'm really not i can talk
about dating and sex and love and
lifestyles
totally totally okay
but ultimately i can show you how to do
push-ups i can show you why did you push
i can't do the push-ups for you
know i can never choose some okay not
many
you could write to me saying well you
know i want you to choose which of these
guys i should marry
i can't choose for you you know what i
mean um i can't fall in love for you
and i can't learn from your mistakes for
you that's why ultimately you've got
you've got to do this yourself
um even with something as
simple as antidepressants
held all vicodin whatever the case
might be um
just reading some of your questions guys
mercia asks isil can you make a video
for
tips for women on how to flirt
[Laughter]
not today the short answer is yes
you know but not today okay guys so i'm
going to try to wrap this up
um this conflict between
jank weaker and jimmy dore or anna
kasparian
alexander casa cordes it does matter to
me for another reason it does matter
to me for a deeper reason it does get to
me for a deeper reason
and you know um it has to do with my own
relationship with my own parents
okay i grew up with parents
who weren't just left-wing who weren't
just left of center they were communists
and they had this same pattern
of self-righteous certainty where they
could pick up the newspaper every day
and they could without hesitating read
the headline read the first few
sentences
and just come down and make this 100
percent
moral commitment that they were right
and that the newspaper reporter was
wrong and the canadian government was
wrong
everybody else or nobody knew as well as
they did
and already for me eight years old 10
years old 12 years old
ready for me as a small child i could
challenge
and i could very often overturn what
they were saying politically
okay i could prove them wrong when i had
no proof
at my disposal and you know kids
it's not that you have a stronger
counter argument
it's just that you learn you learn
to feel out your parents weaknesses you
notice the change in the timbre of their
voice when they're bullshitting
you know what i mean and and this this
kind of [ __ ]
i mean when somebody like jank weaker
does it
is he doing it for his audience is he
doing it for himself
like is he doing it to convince himself
of his own moral superiority that he
knows
that he knows better than the police
that he knows better
than the journalist the new york times
that he knows better than his own
audience that he knows better than you
and you should trust his inerrant moral
judgment because he has superior
more woke more left-wing you know
values or is it possible that he doesn't
know why he's doing it at all
that he's not like this has just become
a cycle he lives in
where he wakes up and he looks at the
newspaper and he reacts in this way he's
not he's not really sure
what he knows and doesn't know anymore
he doesn't you know
um
you know i didn't want to rebel
against my parents authority i had to
okay i wanted them to love me
i wanted them to approve of me okay
and i wanted to feel like i could trust
them
and i wanted to feel like i could admire
them and look up to them
as morally superior people you know i
think all of us
would like to believe that those who
beat us and scream
at us are morally superior to us but
it's just so hard
it's so hard to convince yourself these
people know what they're talking about
or know what they're doing or even know
why they're beating you up and screaming
at you
you know but i had those same conformist
instincts
every little kid has of wanting to
admire my parents
no matter how despicable they might be
in ten thousand different ways
no matter how i saw how they fought with
each other or how they fought with me
right
um
when my mother was standing in front of
me
and denouncing the pro-democracy
protesters
in the czech republic in prague
you know when my parents who enjoyed
nothing more than reading a newspaper
article
criticizing the government were saying
that
it was quite quite correct for the
communists
to murder people rather than allow them
to enjoy the simple freedom of having a
newspaper that criticized the government
also
you know what effect did that have on me
and
i could say it forced me to be skeptical
it forced me to be nihilistic
it forced me to doubt them and their
judgment
and doubt myself in a radical way and to
engage in this kind of context
this contest of ideas from uh
from a very early age and you know what
i discovered
soon enough is a very small child was
that precisely the things
they pretended to be most morally
certain about
were in fact the things they were most
brittle about they were most uncertain
of
that were to the greatest extent built
on their own ignorance
that self-righteous ignorance yet
ignorance remains you know no matter how
much
self-righteousness you stack on top of
it you fundamentally don't
don't know what you're talking about and
even as a small child just asking just
question
you know how does that make sense you
know so you know
like most communists and socialists they
talk about
uh indigenous peoples and independence
and the right to self-determination
and so on oh but you don't think the
people of the czech republic
have this right to independence and
freedom of self-determination
you thought the people of vietnam did
when the people of vietnam were
communists fighting against
you know supposedly colonialism from
america and france
you you were big on that independence
but when it's the czech republic and
they say they don't want to be colonized
by the russians
what what what what sense does this make
you know you're a little kid you don't
know anything
but you see the contradictions within
what your parents are saying
and you see how utterly stumped they are
how stymied they are
when you ask questions that they should
be able to answer so
you know obviously i'm reproducing this
in the wrong tone of voice here too
because a lot of those questions i was
first
asking i hear my father justifying and
supporting
mass murder by stalin i hear my mother
justifying and supporting
mass murder by mao zedong right
when i start asking those questions as a
kid it's not because i'm hostile
it's not because i assume i know better
than them
i was a small i didn't they were all i
knew the only source of information i
had were my
my parents my school teachers and once
in a while a few minutes of exposure to
the nightly news but you know i didn't
was a child you know like
you know i don't even want to prove them
wrong
like i'm challenging them or i'm
questioning them
hoping that they're they're going to be
right
you know hoping that they're going to
validate or justify the trust i place in
them
hoping that my parents will prove to me
that they're the kind of person i
can look up to and should look up to
right and instead you ask these
questions
you have these confrontations and you
see your own parents moral certainty
completely
fall apart you see that it's all
[ __ ]
you see that precisely the things they
feel most certain of and most
confident about in fact are not just
built on
ignorance they're built on a profound
moral hypo hypocrisy they're built on
hypocrisy and self-contradiction that
goes all the way down to the
the root of their soul
um so in this sense i've got to say i'm
a very biased observer
when i look at jank wieger when i look
at anna kasparian
when i look at someone like um
alexandria ocasio-cortez
you know and
part of me
great great
great comment from the audience thanks
max you gotta eat popcorn fast or gets
mushy
by the way max he asked about t-shirts
you can get the ab alicio t-shirt right
now
t-shirts sweatshirts uh solid steel mug
so just just let me tell you i'm glad
you asked
slight digression from our topic here
but it's true
you gotta eat popcorn fast or else it uh
or else it gets mushy um
all right i'm a biased observer of this
i see a lot of the same faults in
someone like jake weaker that could see
my own father
and my own mother part of me wants to
look at these things and be more of
a moral relativist feel like there's
as we as we vegans like to say more than
one way to skin a cat
i'd like to think there's more than one
ethical code that we can live by
i'd like to think that if you're a
gangster
you know you're a member of the mafia or
something that you can commit to a set
of moral principles that are different
from other people's moral principles
that are different from the rest of
society but that have a kind of
internal coherence that's still
meaningful
and you know there's this this is this
thing in english the golden rule
there definitely are gangsters who will
with perfect equanimity except well
this rival gang they killed one of our
people
but under the same circumstances we
would have killed one of their people so
there are no hard feelings
or even when it's escalated the level of
murder
they recognize hey these guys are living
with the same principles we live by if
we live by these principles we have to
accept it
you know this is this is the code you
know
um i'd like to think that there's more
than one code we can live by i'd like to
think that some people
could live by jake weaker's code and
some people
could live by mine but it's not true
neither in principle nor in practice is
it true it falls apart on the the
slightest
uh inspection
um
[Music]
the reality is that somebody like jen
guiger
wants to be a tough guy wants to be a
gangster
when it's convenient for him and then he
wants to be a civilian
he wants to be a softie he wants to run
to the cops
when it's convenient for him also right
he's not
willing to live by any one code
consistently and all the time and that's
because he's a person
of no integrity no matter which code
he's operating under
right and these same people who eat
pastrami sandwiches and drink beer and
watch sports on tv
and gamble and boast about
the complete strangers they've seduced
and slept with and live this kind of
reckless
brute sensual reckless self-indulgent
life of brute sensuality
to put the sentence together correctly
you know
they are going to be hypocrites they are
going to
break the code no matter which code it
is they elect
to follow now um
we had a we had a suggestion from the
audience instead of saying more than one
way to skin a cat
more than one way to pet a cat
um more than one way to strap
a snowshoe is that is that true is there
more than one way to strap a snowshoe i
don't know
you know i just say uh within
african-american
gangster culture or organized crime
culture or disorganized crime culture
you know one of the things that's
resented most is precisely
that there are these guys who wear gang
colors
and want to have a certain level of
respect and a certain level of
fear for their affiliation with a gang
but they only want to be a tough guy
sometimes they only want to live by that
code sometimes and there are other times
when they want to tuck their chain
or take off and either chain and they
want to be a civilian
they want to talk to the cops they want
to live by some other code or be treated
in some other way
i know that's one of the most bitterly
contested
issues within gang culture is no either
you're a civilian or you're one of us
like either you're part of the coast and
no destroyer or not
either you're either you're living by
one moral standard the other and once
you commit to it
it's all the time until the day that you
die
um you know i don't think
there is more than one moral code for us
to live by
not in the context of this discussion
having spent a full hour now introducing
you what i'm talking about
you know i think there is a sense
in which either we're really talking
about authenticity
or talking about something phony you
know and when jank weager
covers the news whether he's talking
about the central park five
or he's talking of notes uh althea brown
or he's talking about joe biden or
bernie sanders or uh
oh jesus can you guys remember i did the
video about um
i did the video about the zeitgeist
movement the history of the five percent
zeitgeist movement
and jank weaver covered that and i had
clips that whoo
chiang kwiger's contribution to the
economics of the zeitgeist movement
there's there's another
scandal to dig up it's a scandal
if you if you care about the difference
between truth and fiction anyway um
[Applause]
i'm sorry i have derailed myself um
you know no matter which topic it is
we're talking about
what jank weager is doing is inauthentic
and what i'm doing is authentic you know
why
what's the claim to authenticity because
everything i'm doing
begins and ends with this simple
fundamental admission
i don't know now you know
i'm not the world's greatest expert
about the zeitgeist movement but i sure
as hell did more research on that than
chuck wieger did i presented much more
of an informed opinion to you
than chuck wigger did i'm not the
world's i'm not the world's greatest
expert on the politics of china either
i'm not you know i'm really aware of my
limits on that
but you know i do the research i put in
the work
i get the results and you know
again these things it partly matters as
a positive
example to your audience all of them
begin and end with me admitting to
myself i don't know i didn't know what
happened with the central park five so i
did the research and i challenged the
consensus view and the mythology is you
know and you you come to some
conclusions and then you can
you have something to share with your
audience but it all has to begin
with this kind of authenticity of
admitting yourself you know what it is
that you do and don't know um
but in the end the point is not for me
to prove to you that i know more than
jank weaker
right and the point is not for me to
prove to you that i know more than you
do maybe i do
maybe i don't you know you guys in the
audience somebody might know more about
any one of these topics or
all these topics than i do right like
i am showing you how to do push-ups
and why to do push-ups like i am showing
you
how to live a life with active
dynamic self-doubt where you're making
your own mistakes but you're also
learning from your own mistakes where
you're being a real intellectual and
you're becoming more intelligent than
you used to be
every month and every year because of
that questioning because of that
self-examination because of that
research you know
i'm showing you how to do push-ups i'm
showing you why to do push-ups and then
ultimately you've got to get out there
and do themselves and what's so
dangerous
about a phony like jank wieger what's so
dangerous about his lack of authenticity
whether he is using it as a bludgeon
to denounce and defame jimmy dore
or to put on parade any of his
sanctimonious claims to moral
superiority over others
politicians celebrities
people great and small you know the
problem is that he's demonstrating the
exact opposite
right he's showing you precisely how to
live your whole life
as a sleepwalker he's showing you how to
continue
dreaming when you're still awake and
what is the dream ultimately
what is the fantasy that he's living
it's that he can
pick up a newspaper at any given time
it's just that he already has within him
this
moral and intellectual superiority
that lets him sit down in front of this
microphone and be so certain people live
their whole lives that way
when my parents were raising me there
was no microphone
right there was no talk show they
weren't hosting a youtube channel they
weren't on the radio
right when i wasn't there they weren't
just doing it for me with their
employees with their co-workers
right like the camera is on all the time
but there's
no camera the performance never ends
people live their whole lives like jake
wieger especially on the left wing
people live committed to this sense of
moral superiority moral superiority over
the police
moral security over their own teachers
professors moral superiority over
medical doctors
moral spirit over whoever wrote that
newspaper article or whatever
right this sense of moral superiority
maybe it is just because you're
left-wing maybe it's because you think
you have this veneer of being a real
intellectual on top of
you know all the time you spend playing
video games or watching sports or
gambling or sleeping with prostitutes or
whatever your vices are
right but your discourse begins
and ends with the assumption that you
know better
as opposed to it beginning and ending
with that fundamental
admission of what it is you just
don't know